# Table of Contents

- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [This branch](#this-branch)
  - [Statement of work](#statement-of-work)
    - [Video](#video)
    - [Source Video](#source-video)
    - [Export Video](#export-video)
  - [Added functionality](#added-functionality)
- [Functionality concepts](#functionality-concepts)
  - [Layout of code](#layout-of-code)
    - [Objects](#objects)
    - [Gui Functions](#gui-functions)
    - [Default Functions](#default-functions)
      - [What needs to be included in the Defaults JSON](#what-needs-to-be-included-in-the-defaults-json)
    - [Algorithim Functions](#algorithim-functions)
      - [Associated Variables](#associated-variables)
  - [CSV File Fuctions](#csv-file-fuctions)
  - [Video](#video-1)
    - [Source videos](#source-videos)
    - [Export videos](#export-videos)
  - [Next things to add](#next-things-to-add)
  - [Current Functionality](#current-functionality)
  - [Csv file source](#csv-file-source)
    - [importVideoCsv](#importvideocsv)
    - [exportVideoFromCsv](#exportvideofromcsv)
    - [ProcessCsvData](#processcsvdata)
  - [Supplementing function files](#supplementing-function-files)
    - [Check valid Directory](#check-valid-directory)
    - [Create Save Folder](#create-save-folder)
    - [GoproRename](#goprorename)
    - [ImportSort](#importsort)

# This branch

## Statement of work
3 classes created  
Video
SourceVideo(Video)
ExportVideo(Video)
### Video
Definition of common vars

### Source Video
- [ ] Init -> pass a path and update source path vars
- [ ] Import Videos -> Move files to specified directory in format (YY_MM_DD)
- [ ] Rename files -> Renames go pro files from GHYYXXXX to GHXXXX_YY



### Export Video
- [x] Create dictionary from csv file
- [ ] export clips
- [ ] naming of files
- [ ] updating of documentation

## Added functionality



# Functionality concepts

Detailing the desired structure and functionality of the project as a whole.
Should be an a fully automated editing process navigated by an interactive online GUI.
Interacts with machine learning progams hosted on the cloud. Computation should probably be done on the cloud too but may require upload which would be slow.

## Layout of code

### Objects

* GUI
  * Algorithim
  * CSV editing
* Defaults
* Algorithim
* CSV file
* Source Video
* Export Video

### Gui Functions

* Import and sort videos from a folder
  * Needs a defaults JSON which points to external dirs first
    * Shows a list of external dirs and folders within that might be right. (select one checkbox and it performs an import and sort)
  * Contains the default location and the default folder name.
  * Defaults should be editiable in the gui
* Edit videos based on a csv file
  * CSV file generated by:
    * Manually created and imported
      * could give the option to open one with the right headings already in
    * Auto generated by algorithim
      * Need to be able to review it
  * CSV file needs to be auto editied
    * If only the file number, auto complete (eg 012145 --> GH012145 when imported)
    * If a cell is blank use the value in the cell directly above when manually created
* Export videos to a specific location

### Default Functions

* Init
  * Imports from user_settings as user_data
* ResetDefaults
  * **Functioning**: Resets to default settings
* EditDefaults
  * **Functioning**: Updates but doesn't save current user settings
  * **Future**: Check edits are valid settings

* SaveDefaults
  * **Functioning**: Saves current user settings

#### What needs to be included in the Defaults JSON

* Import folder
* Export folder
* CSV location
* Import File naming system
* Export file base name
* Date format

### Algorithim Functions

* Train Algorithm
* Use Algorithim

#### Associated Variables

* Train Data
* Test Data
* Algorthim file

## CSV File Fuctions

* Import CSV
* Create CSV
  * Manually
  * Algorithm based
* Process CSV

## Video

Associated Variables

* Name
* Path
* Date Created
* Length

### Source videos

* Import video
* Rename

### Export videos

* Export Video
* Export Video dictionary


Paddler dictionary{
  Sean : (Video {
    1 :{ : start : 00:00, stop: 02:22}
  }
  Sean 01 :
  }
## Next things to add

* Add intelligent searching of file names within import and sort. It should look for 0124 in the file names and that should be enough rather than needing the whole thing. check/Search first for the whole thing though.

- [x] Figure out how to add tasks boxes to the readme.
- [x] Add a table of contents
- [ ] Update Readme
- [ ] Add error handling and testing

## Current Functionality

Csv File Source is the main object class file now

## Csv file source

### importVideoCsv

File dialog to open the csv File.
Asks for the export video name.
File dialog to open the video path.
Reads in data and processes via processCsvData.

### exportVideoFromCsv

Exports videos per person from the csv file.
Video name is the base name + paddler

### ProcessCsvData

Removes all blank space and uses the row above to populate the entire csv.
Inserts the time into seconds from a string

## Supplementing function files

### Check valid Directory

    checkValidDirectory(dir="", check_name="", make_if_fail=True)

Checks if directory is valid, else open file dialog (make if fail = false), otherwise make directory.

### Create Save Folder

    createSaveFolderPath(source_file,save_location)

Creates a save folder based on date of creation of the source file.
Returns the save location path.

### GoproRename

    goproRename(file_name)
Returns gopro filename renamed from GH119999.mp4 to GH9999_11.mp4

### ImportSort

    importSort(source_path="", save_location="")

Checks valid directory of source path.
Creates the path to new folder if needed. Renames the file and moves the file to the new folder, deletes the additional gopro file types.
